you
Wow
now one of the most common mistakes a
truck owner will make it when hunting
small game except they're gonna name
through the center of the hood right
through my target horns here well that's
not going to work with small game as it
does work very excellently pretty big
game monster trucha bug but with a small
game what we can see here we got a blank
space mat underneath the vehicle a lot
of small game isn't this isn't as high
as your bumper so that little fuckers
gonna pass clear on your drug street the
other side know our county Jimmy well
that's right Texas so once you gotta do
folks is you gotta aim your tires
sometimes want to take the tires of
Haven just ever so slightly in front of
the animal to anticipate it's moving now
this is a great thrill to develop your
ability to anticipate the movement up
little one pretty soon you'll be sparks
a little fuckers like the pros
scale here you're gonna want to be doing
it like 65 mile an hour faster to
consider yourself good god damn trucker
you can start a little slow to love your
novice struggler no word and my cell
text Ricky world's greatest goddamn
truck owner I can do this skill at about
85 95 mile an hour I'm gonna show you
how to slower speed that day cuz it'd be
so fucking lightning fast you won't even
get it right so get ready to sit back
get the fucking kids on the couch and
start watching this shit this is a great
skill to bring little ones out on get
the punch it out on the road for you
then you don't need to do your goddamn
self then you don't even need to get out
of the goddamn trip that's making good
use of the family aspect just make sure
when you're hating the staff it's tough
and not your kids all right they can
take this into this is very important
keep growing up to be dirty queer
hibbett that's right don't let your kids
grow up to be stinking queer hippies so
make sure that's a guy they improve big
cabbage pumpkin not your chance that
you're running over all right Jay I'm
gonna lighten up on the speed see you at
home take it all in all right folks is
the great skill to stir with the skills
a lot of fucking fun we're going to be
smashing some small objects out here on
the road help affect our tiring fucking
skills anyway I got some fruits and
fucking vegetables right for smashing
lot like smashing the fucking animal his
guts and shit goes gets smeared all over
the rope this is a great one for the
kids they love to go out and put this
shit on the road for you like I was
saying earlier put something right there
then get something over here then you
want to go from side to side that's a
good idea because you want to be able to
aim your tires from one target to the
next because you never know when you got
to kill more than one fucking animal out
there on the road about the size of a
fucking heard of squirrels right just
like that there's no reason that a good
goddamn truck owner with a good goddamn
family shouldn't even have to do this
part of the fucking skill right let's
get going let's get smashing this shit
just for added fun and to help get the
kids involved grab some of their little
fuzzy animals from home get them out
here I like to pull them down next to
the fruits and bad
we'll pretend to eat instead you know
because when you go and smash this
little fucker it let make you feel
better on the inside
watch grace goddamn truckin when the
game was over you finally realized any
dreams little bit
we're all back
or solvent big boo
pushy
who can put your man
Oh